feat: mocking date (#254)
vitest-dev/vitest: docs/guide/mocking-date.md

# Mocking Date

Vitest comes with [`mockdate`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/mockdate) package that lets you easily manipulate system date in your tests.

All useful methods are located on `vi` object that you can import from `vitest` package or access globally, if you have [`global`](/config/#global) config enabled.

## setSystemDate

- **Type**: `(date: string | number | Date) => void`

Sets current date to the one that was passed. All `Date` calls will return this date.

> Useful if you need to test anything that depends on current date - for example `momentjs` calls inside your code.

Reviewer: Let's push people to more modern alternatives
```suggestion
Useful if you need to test anything that depends on the current date - for example [luxon](https://github.com/moment/luxon/) calls inside your code.
```
